RPP log1p tensor on HOST and HIP (#534)
GPUOpen-ProfessionalCompute-Libraries/rpp: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
* RPP Bitwise NOT, Bitwise AND, Bitwise OR augmentations on HOST (CPU) and HIP backends. (#520)

> * log1p (log (1 + x)) tensor augmentation support on HOST (CPU) and HIP backends. (#534)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `log1p`, defined as `log (1 + x)`, tensor augmentation support on HOST (CPU) and HIP backends.
```
Not sure if you need to say that it's `log(1+x)`, but I'll leave that up to you.
